Welcome to the UOS AI application (hereinafter referred to as the “Application”)! Please read the following contents carefully (especially those marked in bold). The Agreement is an agreement between our company and its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as “our company”, “we” or “us”) and you on the use of the application service (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”). We hereby kindly remind you that we have used bold text to specifically remind you of terms in the Agreement that are (possibly) materially related to the rights and interests of you and the children in your custody. Please pay attention to them specifically. You shall use the Service only after you have fully read and clearly understood the terms in bold font of the Agreement.
You acknowledge and confirm that our Services are only available to users over the age of 18. You understand that if we find or suspect that you are under the age of 18 during the provision of the Services, we may suspend or terminate our Services for you at any time until you provide us with proof that indicates that you are over 18 years old.
1.Service Contents
1.1 The Application is a tool that assists users in using third-party AI large model services instead of directly providing any generative AI services, deep synthesis services, and other AI services. It has the following functions:
1.1.1 To provide access to various third-party large models: Users can use the large model services in the Application through the account configurations provided by the large model providers.
1.1.2 To provide intelligent functions based on the third-party large models configured: such as intelligent question-and-answer, content creation, content summary, translation, etc.; These functions can be effectively used via various applications, such as browser and E-mail. The Application will not be able to provide these services without configuring third-party large models.
1.2 You can use the Application by E-mail, browser, and in other forms, which shall be subject to the form provided by our Company. Meanwhile, our Company may continue to enrich the terminals and forms for you to use the Application. When using the Application, you should choose the product version that matches your terminal, system, etc.; otherwise, you may not be able to use the Application normally.
1.3. You understand and agree that:
(1)When using the Application to add a large model for the first time, you may need to pay the relevant session fee because we need to test whether the joint debugging of the large model is successful;
(2)You may be required to pay the relevant session fee when you have a session with a large model service provider by using the Application;
The said fees shall be fully borne by you. The specific charging standard shall be subject to the standard published on the paid services page of the corresponding large model service provider. You can choose and pay to use the corresponding services as needed. If you refuse to pay, your use of the Application may be affected. You understand and agree that it is the large model service provider that charges you the said fees and that such charging has nothing to do with us.
2.Rules and Restrictions on Use
2.1	You warrant that the use of the software service by you will not violate national laws and regulations or infringe the rights and interests of any third party. All the resulting consequences and losses should be borne by you.
2.2 You fully understand and agree that you should, when using the Services, comply with applicable laws, regulations, decrees, rules, policies, administrative orders, mandatory standards, and industrial standards of the People’s Republic of China (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Laws”). Unless permitted by the Laws and with the prior written consent of our company, you may not engage in, or agree, authorize, or direct any third party to engage in, among others:
(1)	Deleting, modifying, concealing, or otherwise replacing any copyright statement, trademark statement, other ownership statement, and all pertaining intellectual property rights that may be contained in the provision of the Service in any way;
(2) Shall not, in any form, spread viruses, malicious codes, spam, and other contents which may damage the normal operation of the Application;
(3) Shall not disassemble, decompile, decompile, translate, or otherwise attempt to figure out the source code or underlying components of the models, algorithms, and systems of the Services;
(4) Shall not reproduce or copy the Application or the Services by any technical means.
2.3 You shall not use the Services to engage in activities prohibited by laws and administrative regulations such as endangering national security as well as social and public interests, disrupting economic and social order, or infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others. You shall not enter or induce the Services to generate or disseminate the following contents that violate laws and regulations, are politically related, and infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of others:
(1) Any content that is against the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) Any content endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power, or undermining national unity;
(3) Any content that harms state honor and interests;
(4) The contents which distort, vilify, desecrate, or deny the deeds and spirits of the heroes and martyrs, and which insult, defame, or otherwise infringe upon the names, portraits, reputations, and honors of the heroes and martyrs;
(5) Advocating terrorism, extremism, or inciting to commit terrorist or extremist activities;
(6) Any content that incites national hatred or ethnic discrimination, or destroys national unity;
(7) Any content that undermines the national religious policy or promotes cults or feudal superstitions;
(8) Spreading rumors in order to disturb the economic and social orders;
(9) Any content that disseminates obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, or terror or instigates crimes;
(10) Insulting or slandering others, or infringing upon others’ reputation, privacy, and other lawful rights and interests;
(11) Those that contain false, harmful, threatening, invasion of privacy, harassment, infringement, defamation, vulgar, obscene, or other morally repugnant content;
(12) Those that contain other contents restricted or prohibited by Chinese laws, regulations, rules, and any legally binding norms.
2.4 You fully understand and agree that the contents generated by the Application are completely provided by the large model service provider, that the results and suggestions provided by such provider are for reference only, and that we do not guarantee the accuracy and applicability of such results, nor do we constitute/offer any legal advice or professional advice, and that we shall not assume any responsibility accordingly.
2.5 You fully understand and agree that you will be responsible and liable for your respective use of the Application and all consequences thus incurred, including but not limited to any content posted and any service furnished by you and any consequences thus incurred. You should judge and decide whether to use the contents of the Application and bear all the risks arising out of the use of the Application and their contents, including those arising out of the dependence on the authenticity, completeness, accuracy, timeliness, and practicability of the Application and their contents. Our company makes no warranty or guarantee in this regard and rejects any liability to you for any consequences or losses from the aforesaid risks.
2.6 In the case that we find or receive reports (complaints) from others that you violate this Agreement or relevant laws and regulations by using AI to generate inappropriate content, we shall have the right to directly delete, remove, shield relevant disputed contents without notifying you, and shall take measures to warn you, to request you to make corrections within a certain time limit, to restrict the functions, to suspend your use and take other punitive measures. We shall also hold you legally liable. Our company shall have the right to investigate, and take appropriate legal actions against your violation of the Laws and the Agreement, including but not limited to civil litigation. Our company shall have the right to report the clues of the above-mentioned illegal act and your personal information to judicial organs or other law enforcement agencies according to the severity of such illegal act, and cooperate with judicial organs or other law enforcement agencies in investigation, hearing, and prosecution. You shall bear any and all consequences arising therefrom, and our company does not assume any responsibility.
2.7 You fully understand and agree that if we find that the contents generated by the large model service provider violate the laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of China, we may shield the output by technical means. Moreover, we shall not be liable for compensating any expenses that may be incurred during this session.
3.Change, Suspension, and Termination of the Services
3.1 You understand and acknowledge that we will continue to improve the service level and quality, that we have the right to modify, suspend or terminate the relevant services in order to continuously improve the user experience, and that we shall notify you of such modification, suspension, or termination via the update log of App store and in other ways as far as possible prior to such modification, suspension or termination. If it is necessary to suspend or terminate the provision of all or part of the Application for the maintenance and upgrade of the server or system or for other reasons, our company will make an announcement in advance as far as possible. If our company determines to permanently terminate the provision of the Service, our company will announce it on the relevant application or website in advance before the termination of the Services. You understand and agree that our company does not need to notify you separately.
3.2 Upon the termination of the Agreement, our company may still hold you liable for your act of violating the Laws or the Agreement in accordance with the Laws and the Agreement. The provisions of the Agreement on Intellectual Property Rights, Personal Information Protection and Data Security, Exemption and Liability Undertaking, and Dispute Resolution will survive such termination.
3.3 Our company is not required to assume any responsibility to you or any third party for any change, interruption, or termination of the Application, except that our company is explicitly required to do so by the Laws.
4.Intellectual Property Rights
4.1 All copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights involved herein, as well as all relevant information and contents (including but not limited to words, pictures, audios, videos, charts, interface designs, layout framework, relevant data or electronic documents, especially “统信”, “统信UOS” and “UOS” trademarks and logos), shall be protected by the laws of the People’s Republic of China, and owned by our company, except for the rights that the relevant right holders shall enjoy in accordance with the provisions of the law.
4.2 The intellectual properties of all the contents you enter and the contents generated by the large model service provider amid your use of the Application shall have nothing to do with us.
4.3 You may use the Application and services only for the purpose set forth herein and in accordance with the requirements set forth herein. You may not make unauthorized modifications, commit any act that may harm the intellectual property rights or other property rights of our company, or jointly commit or assist or permit others to commit such acts.
4.4 In order to protect your own intellectual properties, please confirm whether the large model service provider will use your inputs as model training data when you use the large model service. We shall not assume any responsibility for disputes over copyrights that may arise under such circumstances.
5.Personal Information Protection and Data Security
5.1 The data generated amid your use of the Application are stored at your local server or local device, and we shall proactively not store any session records between you and the large model service provider without your authorization, nor shall we conduct any data relay. All your sessions shall be carried out directly between you and the large model service provider. Therefore, you, instead of our company, agree to be solely responsible for all losses (including but not limited to users' data leakage) that may arise from your use of this function.
5.2 In order to protect your personal information and privacy, please be careful not to enter any input information and records of use that can be used for identifying you when you use the Application.
6.Disclaimer and Liabilities
6.1 The services provided by the Application are provided according to the status quo that can be achieved by the existing technology and conditions. Our company will try our best to ensure the continuity and security of the service. However, we cannot guarantee that the services provided by it are free from any defect, nor can we foresee or guard against legal, technical, or other risks at any time. Under no circumstance shall we bear the liabilities for failure to access the Services, service interruption, disclosure, delay, stagnation or error of the information and data, failure to or delay in providing the Services due to network failure, power failure, strikes, labor disputes, rebellions, uprisings, riots, fires, floods, storms, explosions, force majeure events, wars, government acts, international or national court orders, hacking attacks, Internet viruses, technical adjustment of the network operator, temporary government control or any other reasons beyond reasonable control.
6.2 When the Services recommend/push the contents of other websites in the form of links, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of these websites or resources, and we do not guarantee the authenticity or legality of any contents, products, services, or other materials acquired from such websites. You should prudently identify whether such contents are legal, accurate, applicable, complete and safe, and take prudent precautions. If you are not sure whether the contents are legal, accurate, authentic, practical, complete and safe, you are kindly suggested to seek advice from a professional before using. To the extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any personal loss or property damage (including but not limited to computer viruses, defamation of reputation or goodwill, loss of copyright or intellectual properties, etc. arising from your use of any third-party information or links). We shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, accidental, incidental, or indirect damages arising from the use of the Application.
6.3 We do not directly provide any content generation services, and any content generated by AI shall not represent our viewpoints. In the event of inappropriate remarks such as a wrong political stand, please contact us in line with Clause 7.4 hereof.
6.4 We shall not provide any auxiliary Internet access services. If you build a channel or use other channels to access to an international network in order to connect to a large model service provider, any and all legal liabilities arising therefrom shall have nothing to do with us.
7.Miscellaneous
7.1 The conclusion, execution, and interpretation of the Agreement and the resolution of disputes shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan). In the case of any dispute between you and our company over the content of this Agreement or its implementation, both parties shall conduct friendly negotiation; If the negotiation fails, either party may bring a lawsuit to the people's court with jurisdiction in the place where [Daxing District, Beijing] is located.
7.2 Our company has the right to interpret and modify this Agreement to the maximum extent permitted by this Agreement and laws. Our company has the right to modify this Agreement at any time according to changes in relevant laws and regulations as well as adjustments in the company's operating conditions and operating strategies. The revised Agreement will be published in the update log of an App store, in-app pop-up window, and other ways, please pay attention to such updating in time. In case of any dispute, this Agreement shall be terminated, and the latest version shall prevail. By continuing to use the Application, you agree to and voluntarily abide by the revised terms of the Agreement. We suggest that you stop using the Application immediately if you do not agree with the revised agreement.
7.3 This Agreement may be written in different language versions. No matter which language you receive, the Simplified Chinese version shall prevail.
7.4 If you have any questions about the Application or this Agreement or wish to obtain any information from our company, please contact us directly at:
Customer service: You can call our customer service hotline at 400-8588-488 during working hours (9:00-18:00 on weekdays). E-mail: You can send e-mail to support@uniontech.com.